in the eyes of others this is a carton
of milk in his eyes this is the key to
escape
opening the milk carton it has a thin
film of wax inside
tear off this layer of film and wash it
quietly put on the code lock of the cell
door
so when the prison guard enters the
password his fingerprints will print on
the film
then tearing off the film he can
identify the key code
after 24 permutations and combinations
the next step is to try the password
how can he touch the code lock he
squeezed toilet paper into small balls
keep squeezing toothpaste and he did it
so many
wrap it in a piece of paper knead it
tightly a big sticky ball is ready
when the prison guards helped him on
handcuff he quietly stuffed it into the
small hole in front of the door
the prison guard locked the small door
he can also open it with one push
reach out from the small window to try
the password he had to try right up to
24 times quickly
but in order not to be seen by
surveillance he had to know the
whereabouts of the prison guards in
advance
he listens to the sounds outside all the
time he can know by the sound of closing
and opening doors
after the prison guards sent him back to
the cell every day they will go out to
smoke and chat together
so there are seven minutes a day no one
is in the monitoring room at this time
this is the loophole he was looking for
but what to do after leaving the cell
he knows all successful escapes there
must be three elements
familiar with the rules and layouts and
there is a refund outside
he saw through the pattern before and he
figured out the layout early in the
morning every day
he watched everywhere when he was in
jail then he found
that there is a weak point this
formidable prison that's the fire
station next door to the prison
the only problem is only the location of
the little black room is close to it
so he took the initiative to cause
trouble he was punished by prison guards
in a small black room
so when he tried out the password leave
the little black room
find the ventilation pipe that connects
to the fire station he climbed in
while the prison guards neglected their
duties he crawled out of the ventilation
pipe next to them
then coming to the fire station quickly
change into the firefighting suit here
at this time the third element is needed
a response
make an appointment with an outside
partner detonate a car at this point in
time
when there is a fire the fire truck will
be dispatched
he hides under the fire truck follow the
truck to the location of the incident
come out from the bottom of the car
everyone is in a hurry
no one will notice him then he got in a
companion's car
jailbreak successfully exactly he is not
a criminal
he is a jailbreak master he is employed
by the federal bureau of prisons
to test the safety of each prison with
the highest security level nationwide
the test method is going in the prison
with a false identity
then escape from that on his own in
seven years he has tested 15 highest
level prisons
none of them let him fail until this day
people from the cia came to him
they said that there is a mysterious
prison it specially detains bad guys
that no country is willing to accept the
cia wants to test the safety of this
prison
but they don't even know where it is
this is very dangerous
this man agreed soon it will be the day
to be arrested
before the departure they put a gps
locator in his arm
coming outside the man was arrested but
he didn't expect
these people are surprisingly violent he
knocked him down with a stun gun first
they used a knife to pick out the one in
his arm finally they put a sedative in
his neck to make him faint
when he woke up he met a warden in a
suit into leather shoes
the man can't stand it he said the order
was too violent
and he told the warden to let him go he
didn't expect the warden to ignore
still locked him up it turns out that
the warden has already colluded a guy
who wants to murder the man
they wanted to keep the man here for a
lifetime this is the strictest prison in
the world
everyone's cell is tempered glass
prisoners are transparent and visible
any their small actions can be seen the
traditional digging method is totally
unworkable
in here all people closed indoor no one
can get the sun
the number of prison guards is several
times that are prisoners
they are fully armed the mask prevents
them from talking to the prisoners
to avoid revealing their true identities
the monitors are hundreds of thousands
and this kind of round monitor ball
moved anytime take a picture of whoever
it was
and the confinement room is more
terrifying it always locked him
you can't open your eyes it's hotter
than sauna that's really suffering in
the literal sense
the man is suffering here he tried to
observe the structure of the confinement
room
trying to find a way to crack wait for
him to come out
he has collapsed then he finally found
the loophole he wanted
that's right the nail on the floor he
has a plan
you can't escape without a helper old
rules are to make friends
before the man smiled someone has come
to meet him first
he is also an old muscular man his name
is arnold
he seems to see the man's ability arnold
asked him
if he needs help as soon as he comes the
man said he want a piece of metal
arnold said it's impossible the man said
he won't make friends with arnold if
arnold don't give
it to him so arnold managed to get
himself to the interrogation room
he frantically mucked the warden the
warden is angry
let the prison guards punish him with
water torture they used a hose to pour
water into arnold's mouth
dozens of seconds later he almost
drowned but at this moment he also got
the interrogation rooms the cover of the
drain
arnold gave that to the man after he's
done the man saw him very well
he told him the true identity of his
prison escape master
and told him his insights it turned out
that he found
the internal structure of this prison is
almost always vertical
this shows that his prison is probably
underground and there is the sound of
water underground in the confinement
room
he speculates that there is a water pipe
there must be a way up
when they went back to the confinement
room they planned and backed it
arnold pinched a piece of bread into his
hand their fight soon attracted prison
guards
they were all locked up in a strong
light confinement room as soon as he
comes in
the man took out the drain cover that
arnold gave him he reflected the strong
light on the nail
wait why does this thing reflect light
it turned out
that he polished it with toothpaste
before dozens of seconds later
the high heat of 100 degrees expanded
the steel nails by 0.03 cubic
centimeters
the man quickly picked it after getting
it done he put
that piece of bread into his mouth at
the same time he signaled to let arnold
attract attention
arnold started yelling the warden turned
to him the man stood up immediately
he sticked the chewed bread on the
camera it blocked the camera's side
then he lifted the floor climbing down
he came to the underground space
climbing up the water pipe wait for him
to climb to the top
he opened the lid and came out he was
stunned this is not under the ground as
he guessed
but above is the endless ocean he is on
the deck of a giant oil tanker
and there are guards everywhere jumping
into the sea is useless
he can only go back although he knew the
location but he can't think of a way to
escape
locked in the middle of the sea it's
hard to fly with wings
misfortunes never come simply the warden
found the nail
he discovered the man's prison escape
attempt he started to torture him
as long as the man sleeps the prison
guard knocked
they didn't let him sleep wait until he
is so sleepy that he faints
the prison guards came in and beat him
as a result the man is groggy every day
he fainted at every turn he had to
report to the doctor
the doctor couldn't help him but even so
the man wasn't knocked down either
wait for them to stop torturing he
started to think of a way again
when it's time to eat every day he
always secretly making jailbreak tools
under the table
two spectacle lenses a ballpoint pen a
piece of cardboard
plug in a glass tube this thing that
came out it's specially used for
position measurement
then they got a new teammate let him
pretend to deal with the warden
in exchange for the opportunity to
worship on the deck come to the deck
just use the sextant given by the man to
calculate the position
when the man got the data he immediately
saw that the ship was in the windless
latitude
he observed that the toilet flushing was
counterclockwise
so they are in the northern hemisphere
he judged by the warm and humid climate
this is probably on the coast of morocco
in africa the next step is to find
someone to help them deliver the message
the man remembered the doctor who was
always unbearable so he let an oscar hit
him
he came to the doctor and asked for
stitches he pretended to be sick again
after a while
vomiting in front of the doctor sure
enough the doctor was so distressed
then he revealed his true identity to
the doctor he asked the doctor to check
soon the doctor finally had a conscience
he decided to help him escape
he sent their emails asking for support
sent to arnold subordinates
everything's ready it's finally time to
escape
late this night the warden saw the man
beating on the wall
he eavesdropped on the signal from the
man there will be right in the sea zone
tomorrow morning
the warden decisively dispatched so much
guards forced to encircle seat zone
but this is actually the man's trap he
just wants the guards
to gather to one place so there are only
two left in his place
the real right begins companions set off
a chaos
two gang started fighting the upper
guard fired at the lower
but he was knocked down by the man who
synced up they climbed all the way up
follow the pipe to climb to the deck
unexpectedly this gate is an electronic
lock
they can't open it the man decided to go
to the power supply room to cut off the
electricity
but this means he will be kept he has no
choice go down to the power supply room
when he controls the computer
to turn off the circuit arnold can open
the door as expected
he finally came to the deck the
corresponding plane has a right
he just approached the plane enemies
swarmed arnold refused to leave
because his companions hasn't arrived
yet so he took down the machine
gun he looked cold this legendary man
immediately transformed into a
cold-blooded killing weapon
on the other side the warden blocked the
man in the power supply room
he is not in a hurry because the man
cannot escape
but the strange thing is he didn't find
the man for a long time
at this time the power supply is
restored he suddenly heard
the water tank starts to flush
automatically his smile fades away
he actually forgot this necessary step
and the man is really in the water tank
he is flushed away following the water
tank he was washed to the bottom of the
sea
arnold just found him go down and pick
him up
the warden also came to the deck he saw
the man on the ladder
shooting directly life and death are at
this moment
arnold threw a pistol down the man
catched it steadily
fire a few shots took the oil tank under
the warden
the warden looked down he had nothing to
said then disappeared into the fire
after a while they came to the coast of
africa someone is here to pick up arnold
it was the woman who hired the man
before it turned out she is arnold's
daughter
the reason why she spent a lot of money
to invite the man in this plan is just
to help her dad get out of jail
no wonder arnold came to join him as
soon as he entered prison
all this is planned the man smiled and
put it in differently
the movie ends here in the end i felt
the real knowledge is really power
thank you for watching follow my page to
watch more film review